hey you know we're talking to Billy
about his mastercard commercials you do
the voice on the Old Navy commercials
yes I do that's a good deal wonderful
yes and I did it I did it for a year and
then they said we're gonna change our
whole campaign we'd like Fred to come in
and audition for this a second Israeli I
went be an audition and they they they
finally said oh we just decided to go
with you another years that's great yeah
it wasn't like we were so impressed it
was too much bother we just yeah I just
going I still had some kids Kate one of
those like Disney or Nickelodeon shows
what Joe was that that oh the Wizards
show wizards of waverly play yeah yes I
have a whole new audience little kids
last year at Christmas I did as they hit
up a pantomime pano show it's English
panto with all these little kids it was
Cinderella and these little dancers back
States oh you run wizards of waverly
place they didn't know any you know
anything else that I done but that's a
whole new club like kids now yeah of
course he will you've done so many
different things of all the things
you've done you've done a lot of
different movies and what what is like
that what's the weirdest one that people
remember you from um I think I did a
movie called how high oh yeah
it was the wu-tang clan you guys must
other won't rain plant one of their best
film red man and his men would man and
that man met the man you and my friend
who used to write for sharing in alive
he seems always kind of jab me he's you
got to be careful those guys are gonna
beat you up he though they may not beat
you but the guys with him are gonna be
job so I really believed it and I was
scared cuz they look very tough you know
what I had on gonna but they couldn't
they couldn't have been more
professional and I know when you do a
scene and a close up on you and they're
behind these never stand in the script
person Nona hey we're there and if they
made a mistake oh man I'm sorry yeah and
to this day I'll be walking down some
streets i'm gonna walk around the corner
hey man how high was I just the
president at the president of Harvard no
it's a great apply I was a Brenda the
somehow a red man and Method Man got
enrolled in the harm it happens it does
have a good heaven and of course they
wrought havoc and Edwin M is he can't
let them into Harvard wrong know what
you try and I was a yeah you know I did
they did they were very well behaved but
I do and I don't think I'm telling that
others everything on its cool on the
publicity tour I think it had to be cut
short for some reason I'm not gonna miss
behave down there listen to it well as
long as they got to the movie yeah okay
now tell me about your new show because
this is a very interesting chi almost
forgot how relaxed I am what show trust
us let's not talk about that we doing
light yes yep producers me they're gonna
talk about it you're the host of the
show and it cost us with your I've I'm
being very seriously it's a wonderful
idea it's the same people who did whose
line is it anyway the difference is I'm
interviewing a celebrity and they're
telling me the life story and suddenly
I'll stop and say that seems like a very
good piece to act out by our improv
actors we have for e improvisational
actors will get up and on the spot act
out a scene from them in their life and
it's something fun it's amazing
not done like improv theaters and uh yes
but this is a slippery wet David
Hasselhoff we had Serena Williams who
did they do the thing with the hamburger
with David you know that look oh yes I
think they did well he did indeed that
did they didn't pull punches and he was
delightful you know I'm sitting there
looking